Park. I still can't believe it
We made a hundred million in one night
I told you you'd regret buying it
It's okay, I believe you are so good.
We can still make more money
I'm so good I don't eat anywhere
hate
Well, that Lu Yao
I have something to tell you
Is this woman going to hold me responsible?
What's the matter?
It's okay.
It seems that she is too embarrassed to say
Xin, don't worry.
I'm not that kind of casual person
I am responsible for you.
pissed
I'm so pissed off you 9 go
Sister, if you don't dislike me
I will always be with you.
Then Miss Ben officially took your style.
Inspection period
However, before the end of the inspection period
You have to accompany me to manage my dad first
Yo still know to come back
I thought
You only know how to fool around with the wrong people every day
Mom, be careful what you say, this is my boyfriend
Boyfriend doesn't know where to bring the eyes
Excellent I don't see any excellent
Forget the atmosphere
Mom, I ask you to speak with respect
Respect you how can I respect you
You don't look at your brother
Pay more attention to this family
Make friends everywhere
Just to establish us
Lecheng Chamber of Commerce led by teachers
Lecheng Chamber of Commerce
Yes, the Lecheng Chamber of Commerce
Which one will the brothers establish after three days?
God always wants to be the president
How did it go?
Do you want to introduce you? Are you their security guard?
Yaxian An asked you to shut your stinky mouth
Didn't you hear?
Oh, come on.
It's Yaxian, you stay
Don't worry if you are angry when you come back.
I'll kick him out in a minute
You hinder your eyes
What about you?
Get out of our house
In fact, you wasted the brandy
Oh yeah I can't use my stuff